[ZT] Number of split tunnel entries (#8223)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/warp/configure-warp/route-traffic/split-tunnels.md

### When to use Split Tunnels

Use Split Tunnels when you need to bypass Gateway entirely for a site. Common scenarios include:

- Connect to a third-party application which requires the actual IP address of the end-user device (for example, [Office 365](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/warp/configure-warp/warp-settings/#directly-route-office-365-traffic)).
- Optimize voice and video.
- Connect to a [third-party VPN](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/warp/deployment/vpn/) endpoint.

### When not to use Split Tunnels

Do not exclude a site from Split Tunnels if you want to see the traffic in your Gateway logs. In particular, we do not recommend using Split Tunnels to:

- Solve connectivity issues with a specific website. For configuration guidance, refer to our [troubleshooting guide](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/warp/troubleshooting/common-issues/#cannot-connect-to-a-specific-app-or-website).

> - Solve performance issues with a specific website. Since [20% of the Internet](https://blog.cloudflare.com/application-security/) runs on Cloudflare, it is usually faster to send traffic through us. If you are encountering a performance-related issue, it is best to first explore your Gateway policies or reach out to Support.

Author: ```suggestion
- Solve performance issues with a specific website. Since Cloudflare operates within 50 milliseconds of 95% of the Internet-connected population globally, it is usually faster to send traffic through us. If you are encountering a performance-related issue, it is best to first explore your Gateway policies or reach out to Support.
```

4. If you want to add or remove items from your Split Tunnels configuration, select **Manage**.

> On this page, you will find a list of the IPs and domains Cloudflare Zero Trust excludes or includes, depending on the mode you have selected. For optimal performance, we recommend limiting this list to ≤ 200 entries.

Reviewer: Hmm let's discuss in our 1:1. I think we should built out a "performance considerations" heading on this page to expand on the topic a bit.

Specifically want to talk about:
1. Keep list short to make debugging simpler
2. Performance considerations with a large number of rules
3. Hard limit with a large number of rules in conjunction with local domain fallback settings
4. Performance considerations with domain based rules
